Homework1 Question1-5

Question1
I think A.L.I.C.E. use a database to answer the users. She can catch the key words in users¡¯ 
question and match it in her database. 
She has the knowledge of common conversation. She can communicate with us as the default
 knowledge such as how is she, what¡¯s its gender. However, she can¡¯t provide the correct 
answer of the questions such as how is the weather today. So, I think she only have the 
knowledge of basic communicate.

Question2
judge: which is the tallest building in the world 
ALICE: The obvious one. 
judge: what's the name of the tallest building in the world 
ALICE: IKEA. 

judge: how is best pianist in the world 
ALICE: Fine as far as I know. 

judge: what's the composition of water 
ALICE: That's not something I get asked all the time. 

One of the problem I found is that she cannot answer any questions besides basic communication.
I think we can add a search method to her. When A.L.I.C.E find some key words such as 
composition, tallest, best, she can google the question online and reply the best online answer to 
the users.

Question3
I believe that the latter statement is true. All of the intelligent behavior of computers are designed 
by human. Computers only follows the code from programmer. For example, A.L.I.C.E only 
can follow the default database. This my test conversation with her. 

judge: i think you are stupid 
ALICE: Absolutely. 
judge: are you still happy 
ALICE: Yes judge I can say I am very happy.

This conversation shows that she cannot not thinking as human. 
So, I believe the latter statement imply the former.



Question4

3200

First, I searched the sales of Starbucks online. Them we can get the data: According to USA Today, 
Starbucks sells 4 million coffee drinks per day. According to the company's website, they serve 60
 million customers each week.
Then, I did some simple math work. 60 / 7 = 8.57 million people per day. 4 / 8.57 = 0.4667 coffee 
per person per day
And, there are about 40000 students in our school and half of them will went to IMU every day. 
So 40000/ 2 = 20000 people.
And latte is one of the most popular coffee of Starbucks, about 35% people will buy it. 
0.4667*20000*0.35 = 3266.9

So, I think the Starbucks will sell 3200 latte every day.

For the AI system, it should have the ability of computing and analyzing the data. It should understand 
how to count the per day data from the total data.
